hi everybody today we'll have a quick
look at my brand new trail running shoes
it's from Mike and the roll is called
Alvord
10 and with the gore-tex thing
so it's waterproof the shoe is quite
heavy
featuring the night air cushioning and
also a very nice stiff and rigid outsole
and in a heel we also have the classical
of pay rs.1000 rubber material and this
shoe is quite soft in the Flex if you
compare to other shoes with will cortex
used adidas response and supers
supernova running shoes with gore-tex
and and do she was much more harder and
not that comfortable as these are and
this one are also available in women's
size and the color on that one in shop
was blue
this is just gonna use them for the
rainy days and what it's more wet
outside I usually run my echo beyond
trail running shoes for trail running
but this would be quite nice to try out
this winter so here are my new Nike Air
a levorg 10 with gore-tex so if you have
any questions about this product or
something else just write me a comment
and I try to answer it for you as soon
as possible and also this I see on this
one is quite regular nice not a regular
night fit this is a nine and a half size
and it's and it's not a snug fit it's
just just a regular so thank you very
much for watching and I hope to see you
soon
you